luajit: bump new version (#8913)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-8825-luajit-fixes.md

* Fixed recording of `BC_VARG` with unused vararg values.
* Initialization instructions on trace are now emitted only for the first
  member of a union.

> * Followup fix for embedded bytecode loader.
> * Fix embedded bytecode loader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the embedded bytecode loader.
* Added a follow-up fix for the embedded bytecode loader.
```

Author: Fixed, thanks.
